correction README.md (#1460)
hyperledger/besu: README.md

## Besu Users

> Users want to install Besu should install the Besu binary by following [these instructions](https://besu.hyperledger.org/HowTo/Get-Started/Install-Binaries/).    

Reviewer: Should it be "who want" instead?  @MadelineMurray

Reviewer 2: Maybe it should just be "To install the Besu binary, follow these instruction ..."

Reviewer 3: +1 to @macfarla's suggestion

> Users want to install Besu should install the Besu binary by following [these instructions](https://besu.hyperledger.org/HowTo/Get-Started/Install-Binaries/).    

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To install the Besu binary, follow [these instructions](https://besu.hyperledger.org/HowTo/Get-Started/Install-Binaries/).    
```

Reviewer 4: @saumyaagrawal2001 if you commit my suggestion above, and add a signoff in the commit message, we should be able to merge this.
